Image url:
https://im.ge/i/IlzySa

1.	A server is a piece of computer hardware or software (computer program) that provides functionality for other programs or devices, called "clients." 
	This architecture is called the client–server model. Servers can provide various functionalities, often called "services," 
	such as sharing data or resources among multiple clients or performing computations for a client.
	Client–server systems are usually most frequently implemented by (and often identified with) the request–response model: a client sends a request to the server,
	 which performs some action and sends a response back to the client, typically with a result or acknowledgment.
	Designating a computer as "server-class hardware" implies that it is specialized for running servers on it. 
	This often implies that it is more powerful and reliable than standard personal computers, but alternatively, 
	large computing clusters may be composed of many relatively simple, replaceable server components.

2.	Domain names serve to identify Internet resources, such as computers, networks, and services, with a text-based label that is easier to memorize than the 
	numerical addresses used in the Internet protocols. A domain name may represent entire collections of such resources or individual instances. 
	Individual Internet host computers use domain names as host identifiers, also called hostnames. 

3.	A record Type

4.	The end user processes a request via a web browser installed on a web server. 
	The communication between a web server or browser and the end user takes place using Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). 
	The primary role of a web server is to store, process, and deliver requested information or webpages to end users. It uses:

A web server can also perform several other functions, such as:
Store and protect website data: A web server can store and protect critical website data from unauthorized users.
•	Control bandwidth to regulate network traffic: A web server can help eliminate the downtime caused by high web traffic. 
	Web hosts can set bandwidth to manage the rate of data transmission over the internet and minimize the excess network traffic.
•	Server-side web scripting: The server-side web scripting feature enables users to create dynamic web pages using scripting languages such as Ruby, Python, 
	and PHP.
•	Virtual hosting: Web servers can also be used as virtual servers to run multiple applications, websites, data, and other services
5.	An application server is a modern form of platform middleware. 
	It is system software that resides between the operating system (OS) on one side, the external resources (such as a database management system [DBMS], 
	communications and Internet services) on another side and the users’ applications on the third side. 
	The function of the application server is to act as host (or container) 
	for the user’s business logic while facilitating access to and performance of the business application.
6.	The database is the heart of any information system. It is critical to operating the system. The role of the database is to store and retriev data/information
7.	HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
8. 	A single point of failure (SPOF) is a potential risk posed by a flaw in the design, implementation or configuration of a circuit or system. 
	SPOF refers to one fault or malfunction that can cause an entire system to stop operating.
9.	Maintenance or code upgrade will cause a downtime because there is no backup server to respond to the incoming request while the maintenance is being done.
10.	The infrastructure will be unable to scale due to the presence of a single server that handles all the requests. 
	There is also the absence of a load balancer which would be able to distribute incoming traffic between servers
